This is a special episode of Jacob's Daily Briefing. Anthropic
has posted a new job opening for Strategy and Operations,
Public Policy and Public Benefit, based in San Francisco. This
episode will read the full job description verbatim, followed by
Claude's summary of the major points. Here is the job
posting. Strategy and Operations, Public Policy and Public Benefit. San
Francisco, California. About Anthropic. Anthropic's mission is to create reliable,
interpretable, and steerable A-I systems. We want A-I to be
safe and beneficial for our users and for society as
a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of
committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together
to build beneficial A-I systems. About the role. We are
looking for a strategic operator to support the leadership of
Anthropic's Public Policy and The Anthropic Institute. Our Public Policy
team works with governments around the world to help shape
A-I governance, advancing priorities like model safety, transparency, and democratic
leadership in A-I. The Anthropic Institute studies the societal, economic,
and governance implications of advanced A-I, and reports candidly on
what we're learning. Your overarching mandate is twofold. First, ensure
the day-to-day of both orgs runs smoothly — leadership is
focused on the right things, teams are coordinated, and nothing
falls through the cracks. Second, drive projects that help the
orgs scale, from budget forecasting and headcount planning to executive
engagement prep. This is a high-trust, high-context role that sits
at the center of two fast-moving teams. It requires strong
operational rigor, the ability to move between altitudes — from
a board memo to a seating chart — and a
real understanding of how A-I policy, safety research, and public
benefit work intersect. In this role, you will own day-to-day
leadership prioritization for Public Policy and The Anthropic Institute —
triaging inbound, prepping decisions, and ensuring time is spent on
highest-leverage work. You will run the operating rhythm of both
orgs, including team meetings, leadership syncs, and offsites. You will
staff executive engagements end-to-end — briefing memos, talking points, pre-reads,
logistics, and post-meeting action tracking for senior internal and external
meetings. You will drive special projects to scale the orgs,
for example, budget and headcount planning. And you will partner
with the Chief of Staff and the Administrative Business Partner
in a tight unit. You may be a good fit
if you have seven or more years of experience in
chief of staff, business operations, strategy, or program management roles
— ideally with direct exposure to executive leadership. If you
have previously worked in policy, government, or another frontier tech
environment. If you have hands-on experience using Claude or A-I
tools to improve org effectiveness. If you are skilled at
navigating organizational complexity and influencing without authority. If you can
see around corners — anticipating what leaders will need before
they ask, and making sure the right information and people
are in the room. If you move comfortably between strategic
and tactical work — able to write the board memo
and also make sure the offsite venue has working A-V.
And if you have clear and concise written and verbal
communication. The annual compensation range for this role is listed
below. For sales roles, the range provided is the role's
On Target Earnings, or O-T-E, range, meaning that the range
includes both the sales commissions or sales bonuses target and
annual base salary for the role. Annual Salary: Two hundred
thirty thousand to two hundred sixty-five thousand U-S dollars. Logistics.
Minimum education: Bachelor's degree or an equivalent combination of education,
training, and experience. Required field of study: A field relevant
to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional
experience. Minimum years of experience: Years of experience required will
correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position.
Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be
in one of our offices at least twenty-five percent of
the time. However, some roles may require more time in
our offices. Visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas. However, we
aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and
every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we
will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa,
and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.
We encourage you to apply even if you do not
believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates
will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that
people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more
prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of
their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself
prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in
this work. We think A-I systems like the ones we're
building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this
makes representation even more important, and we strive to include
a range of diverse perspectives on our team. Your safety
matters to us. To protect yourself from potential scams, remember
that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from at anthropic dot
com email addresses. In some cases, Anthropic may partner with
vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on
behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains.
Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or
banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure
about a communication, don't click any links — visit anthropic
dot com slash careers directly for confirmed position openings. How
we're different. We believe that the highest-impact A-I research will
be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single
cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And
we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable,
trustworthy A-I — rather than work on smaller and more
specific puzzles. We view A-I research as an empirical science,
which has as much in common with physics and biology
as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely
collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure
that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given
time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest
way to understand our research directions is to read our
recent research. This research continues many of the directions our
team worked on prior to Anthropic, including G-P-T three, Circuit-Based
Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, A-I and Compute, Concrete Problems
in A-I Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work
with us. Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in
San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity
donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours,
and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with
colleagues. That was the full text of the job description.
Now, here is a summary of the major points. First:
the role itself. This is a chief-of-staff-level strategic operator position
supporting the leadership of two distinct teams — Anthropic's Public
Policy org, which works with governments worldwide on A-I governance,
and The Anthropic Institute, a research organization studying the societal
and economic implications of advanced A-I. The role doesn't report
into either exclusively — instead, it sits at the intersection.
Second: the mandate is deliberately twofold. Half of the work
is day-to-day operational — triaging inbound requests, running team meetings,
staffing executive engagements. The other half is scaling work —
budget forecasting, headcount planning, special projects. The posting emphasizes this
is a high-trust role that requires moving fluidly between altitudes.
You write the board memo in the morning and confirm
the offsite venue has working audio-visual equipment in the afternoon.
Third: compensation. The range is two hundred thirty thousand to
two hundred sixty-five thousand U-S dollars per year, plus benefits,
plus optional equity donation matching. That's a significant salary for
a chief-of-staff-adjacent role, and the equity donation matching is an
unusual benefit worth understanding. Fourth: the experience bar. They ask
for seven or more years of chief of staff, business
operations, strategy, or program management experience. They specifically call out
three fit factors worth noting: previous work in policy, government,
or frontier tech environments; hands-on experience using Claude or A-I
tools to improve organizational effectiveness; and the ability to influence
without formal authority. Fifth: location. This role is San Francisco,
not Seattle. It's hybrid with a twenty-five percent minimum office
requirement. Visa sponsorship is available. Sixth, and perhaps most important
for anyone considering this role: the team structure. The posting
says you would partner with a Chief of Staff and
an Administrative Business Partner in a tight unit. That's a
three-person coordinated team — not a solo role. It suggests
Anthropic is building a durable operational backbone for the Public
Policy and Institute orgs, not just papering over a temporary
gap. A few things the posting doesn't say but are
worth noticing. The Anthropic Institute is a newer organization —
it's mentioned as a standalone research arm studying governance implications,
which signals Anthropic is investing in public-facing policy research in
a serious way. The "how we're different" section emphasizes that
research at Anthropic is treated as an empirical science, more
physics than traditional computer science — that framing is worth
taking seriously if you're thinking about whether the culture is
a fit. For someone with a state government background in
budget and planning, seven years of experience, and deep hands-on
Claude usage, the fit factors on paper are strong. The
two real friction points are the San Francisco location and
the salary scale relative to state government compensation. Both are
worth thinking about carefully before applying. That concludes the Anthropic
Strategy and Operations role summary. The full job posting is
at job boards dot greenhouse dot I-O slash anthropic slash
jobs slash five one seven two three nine six zero
zero eight. Thanks for listening.